### Submission Rules

When submissions syncs, it becomes online data and gets removed from the local database

We can manualy store a online data submission to work locally [local edit]

Online submissions must be edited online (if they are not marked as local edit)

### Submission Stages

* Auto Draft: If this option is activated, every new submission will be automatically stored
as a new draft in the local database

* Draft: Submission that only lives on the divice that was created, no other user will be able to see it [grey icon]

* Submitted: When the form is sucessfully submitted (passing all validations). The draft will become an
unsynced submission. This submission is still only visible in the device where it was created
until the sync process finishes [Blue icon]

* Synced: The submitted form now has already been successfully stored in the server (pass both frontend and backend
validation) and now takes also part of the online data. [cloud with arrow]

* Online: These are submission that were not created in the current device, but have been pulled from
the online server [cloud with check]

### Submission Errors

* Not Authorized: 
The application tried to sync the submition with the server but the server replied
with a non Authorized response. Solution: Check the form's Access rights to solve the issue, you must properly assign
the corresponding submission and form access to every Role.

* Validation Errors: 
The submission tried to sync with the server but some of the fields did not pass the server
side validations.
Solution: Enter to the submission, and try clicking (NEXT if you are in a Wizard) until the end of the form.
Fix all validation errors and try to submit the form again.