### Form creation types

All forms can be access in Create mode or in Edit mode. The create mode is when we are starting
typically from a blank Form, and the edit mode refers to when we are starting from either a 
draft or an already submitted form.

COOL_APP_NAME offers different creation modes depending if we need to include data
related rules or submission related rules

* SUBMISSION RULES [fast_submission_rule]:

  * Create (default) [create]: It will always create a blank new submission that will then sync with 
  the server

  * Unique [unique]: It forces the user to have maximum one submission on the server. If the userstarts a submission
  two things could happen:

    1. If the user has no previous submission, then it creates a new one (create mode).
    2. If the user already has a submission it will show update mode for that case.

  * Keep Last [keepLast]: will create a new submission every time, but will remove all the previous ones 
  of the current user

  * On Form Modify [onFormModify]: If the modification data of the form is later than the date
    of the last submission, it will create a new submission, if not, it will update the previous one.

  * Custom Logic [customLogic]: Allows to write custom JS logic to access to different edit modes or
    to apply custom rules

* DATA RULES [fast_data_rule]:

  * From Last [fromLast]: Works similar to the "unique" mode but in this case we will not force to have only one
    submission.
    If we already have a submission, the next one will use the previous one as template, but will always 
    create a new record
  
  * From Template [fromTemplate]: Will create a new submission using a JSON schema as template. The json file con also 
    come from a URL

  * Custom Logic [customLogic]: Allows to write custom JS logic to access to different edit modes or
    to apply custom rules

### Form Views

Form views give you the possibility to create custom views for every CRUD action. This is usefull when you have
different forms to manage the CRUD actions of a Resource. If more detailed functionality is required, it is also
possible to define Custom view rules.

* Create [fast_create_view] : Path of the form to open with the new create submission
* Read [fast_read_view] : Path of the form to open on read only mode
* Update [fast_update_view] : Path of the form to open for form update
* Delete [fast_delete_view] : Path of the form to open for form deletion
* Custom [fast_custom_view] : Custom JS logic to decide which forms to open for every crud actions.
 this is useful when you have Role based views. Custom rules will overwrite form views.


 ### Page Container Params

 Custom datatable [fast_custom_datatable] {Datagrid ID (API name)}: This custom property will replace a Formio
 Datagrid for a custom FAST datagrid. This type of Datagrid is useful when editting large tables (>20 rows).
 To use this functionality it is mandatory that the Datagrid is placed in a separeted page of a Wizard form,
 as the complete page is going to be replaced.

 Custom R script editor [fast_custom_rscript] {Text area ID (API name)}: This custom property will replace a basic
 Text area and transformit into a FAST R script editor. Just as the Datagrid, the R script editor need to be placed on
 a separeted Wizard page.